Mercy | I am patient and gentle when caring for people who are weak, sick, old or discouraged.
Teaching | I am disciplined and willing to study hard, sacrifice personal time and spend hours in preparing for speaking sessions.
Faith | I have strong confidence in God and His promises, even when others around me doubt.
Leadership | I can see the bigger picture for the church and sense the direction God wants us to move.
Exhorting | I easily notice when someone is discouraged and feel naturally moved to encourage them.
Giving | I feel a deep joy and satisfaction when I offer financial help to someone in need, often anonymously.
Service | I gladly step in to meet the physical needs of the church by working behind the scenes.
Word of Knowledge | I often see connections, themes, and patterns in Scripture that others might overlook.
Hospitality | I find joy in welcoming people into my home or personal space.
Prophesying | I have a strong hatred for sin and a deep passion for holiness, and I feel called to confront and address these matters in the church.
Help | I am a people person and I'm sensitive to the suffering and needy individuals in the church.
Administration | I enjoy planning and organizing people and resources to help the church achieve its ministry goals.
Word of Wisdom | I may not remember many facts or historical details, but applying Scripture to real life comes naturally to me.
Evangelism | I have a strong desire to share my faith with unbelievers.
Teaching | God enables me to accurately interpret, clearly explain and apply His Word.
Mercy | I feel drawn to help those who are poor or overlooked and rejected by others.
Faith | Even when I do not know all the details, I find it easy to move forward when I sense God's leading.
Service | I joyfully volunteer for tasks such as cleaning, arranging, serving food, organizing materials, managing logistics etc.
Leadership | As a spiritual visionary, I enjoy inspiring others with a clear vision of what we can achieve together as a church.
Exhorting | When people share their burdens, I feel motivated to walk alongside them and uplift them.
Giving | I am quick to respond when I hear about a genuine financial need, even if it requires personal sacrifice.
Word of Knowledge | When I speak from God's Word, it is usually rich in factual, historical, and contextual insights.
Hospitality | I naturally make others feel comfortable, accepted, and cared for when they visit me.
Help | I love to be with people and help people than spending my time in arranging a place for church gathering.
Prophesying | I have a strong desire to help others grow spiritually and live according to God's Word.
Administration | I can take a complex church and ministry projects and break it into clear, manageable steps.
Teaching | When someone asks a question about the Bible, I enjoy researching it and responding thoughtfully.
Word of Wisdom | I can easily recognise how a biblical principle should be lived out in a specific circumstance.
Evangelism | I find it easy to initiate spiritual conversations with strangers, friends and unbelievers.
Service | I am comfortable working quietly and supportively in the background without being in the spotlight and without getting noticed.
Mercy | I feel a deep spiritual satisfaction when I show mercy and kindness to others.
Faith | Lack of funds or resources does not stop me in pursuing what God has called me to do.
Leadership | When I talk to people, I try to provide vision and spiritual direction to them.
Exhorting | My teaching is more devotional in nature and focused on the doing aspect rather than revealing in-depth truths from God's Word.
Giving | I am willing to lower my own standard of living so that I can give more to God's work.
Hospitality | I enjoy preparing food, creating a warm atmosphere, and planning gatherings at my home.
Help | I willingly sacrifice my time, comfort, and resources to personally help others in the church.
Word of Knowledge | I believe God has equipped me to help people understand biblical truths in-depth than just teaching the practical applications.
Prophesying | When I speak or teach, I do so with urgency and conviction, wanting people to respond.
Administration | I find satisfaction in planning programs, coordinating events, and keeping things running smoothly.
Teaching | Other people often come to me asking "can you explain that passage?"
Service | I am a program-oriented person and stay committed to the task even when it is tedious and routine.
Word of Wisdom | I can sense when a decision isn't spiritually wise, even if it seems acceptable for others, and help others think it through.
Evangelism | I'm not discouraged by rejection or tough questions when sharing my faith—I see them as part of evangelism.
Mercy | I like to visit places like orphanages and old age home and spent time with them.
Faith | I believe God is faithful to provide, and take courageous steps in life and ministry, not looking at my bank balance.
Leadership | When a project or ministry is stagnant, I'm motivated to bring fresh energy and direction.
Exhorting | People often say they feel encouraged or motivated after I speak or teach.
Hospitality | I feel energized, not burdened, when I have the opportunity to host others at my home.
Giving | I often look for ways to financially support ministries, missionaries, or people serving God.
Help | I can easily sense when someone is overwhelmed or stressed and I help them without being asked for.
Word of Knowledge | I make good use of various study tools and resources to find accurate biblical information.
Prophesying | I'm willing to confront issues of moral compromise in the church as the Spirit leads.
Administration | I handle administrative tasks patiently because I see the importance of good systems and processes.
Teaching | I can easily organize my thoughts, structure my sharing and communicate clearly when I teach.
Service | I feel satisfaction when a ministry event or church activity runs well, because of how I helped behind-the-scenes.
Word of Wisdom | In preparing to teach, I focus on practical wisdom rather than theoretical knowledge.
Evangelism | I am aware of people in my circle (work, college, community) who do not know about Jesus and feel a personal burden to reach them.
Mercy | When I hear about people in pain, hunger and suffering, I am deeply moved with compassion.
Faith | I pray bold prayers, often for impossible situations, believing that nothing is too hard for God.
Leadership | I focus more on people's growth, unity, and direction than on managing administrative work.
Exhorting | I enjoy mentoring, discipling, or counselling others personally.
Hospitality | I take the initiative to invite people to my home who are new to the church.
Giving | I am able to budget and manage my finances carefully so that I can give more generously.
Help | When someone is sick or hurting, I naturally feel led to visit them and support them.
Word of Knowledge | I often explain ideas in an academic way by connecting different Bible passages to show one unified truth.
Prophesying | I feel a strong burden for the church to be pure, truthful, and spiritually active rather than passive and comfortable.
Administration | Others often rely on me to plan and manage special church events like outings or Christmas programs.
Word of Wisdom | When I speak from God's Word, I focus on finding practical lessons and applications.
Evangelism | I am comfortable asking someone, "have you heard about Jesus?" or "have you thought about life after death?"
